README: EventFlex — Build Your Event, Your Way
Project Description
EventFlex is a modern, all-in-one event management platform specifically engineered for student organizers. Unlike rigid, corporate-focused tools, EventFlex provides a "flex-first" architecture that allows organizers to define their own rules, pricing logic, and participant workflows. From hackathons to cultural fests, it transforms complex logistics into a streamlined, high-performance digital experience.

 Problem Statement (TGPDS-06)
Students organizing events like hackathons face significant hurdles due to the lack of flexible platforms. Existing industry-standard tools are often built for massive organizations, offering limited control over niche pricing structures, personalized eligibility rules, and internal event flows.

EventFlex addresses this by providing a fully customizable hub where students independently control every aspect of their event—including custom registration fees, granular eligibility logic, and seamless planning—all within one efficient, data-driven dashboard.

 Features and Functionality
1. Event Creation Wizard
4-Step Guided Setup: Easily configure basic details, rules, pricing, and review before going live.

Real-Time Live Preview: See exactly how the event card and registration page will look to participants as you type.

2. Dynamic Rules Engine
Custom Eligibility: Set rules for team sizes (e.g., 2–4 members), year of study, and college-specific email verification.

Logic Management: Add or remove rules like CGPA filters, round counts, and submission requirements on the fly.

3. Flexible Pricing Models
Tiered Pricing: Support for Free entry, Paid flat fees, or "Early Bird" tiered structures.

Coupon System: Toggle-based discount management to boost early registrations.

4. Admin Control Tower
Live Analytics: Track total registrations, revenue, and conversion rates via interactive SVG charts.

Participant Management: Filter and manage registrations with a detailed status-tracking table (Confirmed, Pending, Cancelled).

5. AI Co-Pilot
Automated Content: Generate compelling event descriptions using AI based on a few keywords.

Conflict Detection: An intelligent assistant that reviews your rules to find contradictions or impossible conditions.

6. Participant & Public Portals
Personal Dashboard: Attendees can track their registered events, payment status, and activity timelines.

Optimized Landing Pages: Public-facing pages designed for high conversion with trust badges and sticky registration cards.

Tech Stack Used
Frontend: Vanilla HTML5 & CSS3 (Advanced Flexbox/Grid layouts).

Design System: Custom CSS Variables (Tokens) for consistent branding and "Glassmorphic" UI elements.

Interactivity: Vanilla JavaScript (ES6+) for state management and screen switching.

Typography: Plus Jakarta Sans (Headings/Body) and JetBrains Mono (Technical Data).

Visuals: Inline SVG for dynamic charts and custom animations.

 Setup and Installation
EventFlex is currently a Single Page Application (SPA) prototype and does not require a local server or build tools.

Clone the Repository:

Bash
git clone https://github.com/Abdul786-byte/TANVI-THE-GREAT
Run the Project:

Navigate to the project folder.

Open eventflex_ui.html in any modern web browser (Chrome, Brave, Edge, or Safari).

No Dependencies: There is no need for npm install as the project uses pure vanilla technologies.

 Team Details
College: Wainganga College of Engineering and Management

Abdul Wadood – Project Lead & Developer
Piyush Thool – Teammate
Tanvi Giri – Teammate
Arpit Sable – Teammate

 Future Scope
Backend Integration: Implementing Firebase or Node.js for persistent data storage and user authentication.

Payment Gateway: Full integration with Razorpay or Stripe for automated fee collection.

QR Check-in System: Generating unique QR codes on tickets for seamless offline event check-ins.

Automated Certificates: One-click certificate generation and distribution for participants.

In-App Messaging: Real-time chat for team collaboration and organizer-to-participant announcements.
